Remove reference to Visual Samples Index (#11699)
flutter/website: src/content/release/release-notes/release-notes-1.7.8.md

## Web

> The work on web functionality continues with merging of the code from flutter_web repo into the main flutter repo, providing a simpler developer experience for this pre-release technology. We've already [compiled many of the existing Flutter samples for web](https://github.com/flutter/samples/). Enjoy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The work on web functionality continues with merging of the code from the flutter_web repo
into the main flutter repo, providing a simpler developer experience for this pre-release
technology. We've already
[compiled many of the existing Flutter samples for web]({{site.github}}/flutter/samples/).
Enjoy!
```
